Describe Your Project
*
A platform where users can create and trade meme tokens.
Like pump.fun, but users all buy in at the same price before seeding to Raydium, and tokens are vested
Problem Your Project Solves

What problem does your project address, and how does it solve it?”
*
Currently, most SPL tokens are created on pump.fun, which is infested with rugs and scams.

There are reasons why only the top 1% of all tokens on pump.fun bond to Raydium and the rest fall to 0:

1. Creating a token is free.
Although this enables anyone to create a token, it dilutes the volume of the website and reduces the overall quality of tokens and devs.

2. Before bonding to Raydium, pump.fun uses a bonding curve equation to calculate the token's price. The bonding curve exponentially benefits earlier investors, creating an incentive for them to dump on other investors for a quick profit.

bonding curve: https://coffee-permanent-prawn-75.mypinata.cloud/files/bafybeiblzuho5qd2uahp65vn7k2sczdypk7wurxdlf33wfhphwpot6iq7m?X-Algorithm=PINATA1&X-Date=1737224950&X-Expires=30&X-Method=GET&X-Signature=cc83bccdf4d559734e25289136860ecbb464f52bb12d3b42edd43b3cf28b6a2c

Goose.fun will require a small deposit that will go towards the token for anyone creating one. This deposit will be returned to the dev when the token reaches a certain market cap. This increases the overall quality of devs and tokens and keeps volume directed towards these higher-quality tokens.

Instead of a bonding curve, all tokens will be sold at a constant price. Meaning it's risk-free until it bonds to Raydium, as investors can buy and sell at any time.

Once 80% of a token is sold, the funds collected will be deposited to Raydium as liquidity and burnt along with 20% of the token supply.
This means all investors involved will have made a 4x. 
This creates an incentive for traders to work together instead of dumping on each other, meaning more tokens are likely to actually bond to Raydium.


From the select few that make it to Raydium on pump.fun, they usually go to 0 within the first few hours or minutes anyway.

This is because even after bonding, most investors are inclined to take profits and just move on to the next thing. This creates a pvp environment where everyone dumps on each other, with a select few individuals coming out on top. This is usually due to the lack of community and trust, which is natural.

It's easy to notice that the same problem would happen with goose.fun tokens after bonding to Raydium. As traders rush to lock in there 4x profit, only a select few individuals will come out on top while the rest lose.

This is why the 80% of tokens bought before bonding won't be distributed instantly and will be locked. Instead, unlocking periods will occur, where 10% of all locked tokens will unlock every 24 hours.

This solves the issue of early investors dumping their tokens to get a quick profit.

This also incentivises taking small profits and will prove to be healthy for the chart as new investors join and promote exponential price growth.

Users are also able to and can encourage others to re-lock their tokens or even get new investors to lock their tokens. Further boosting price stability and growth.


Why we know this will work: Case Study(lockedsupply.fyi)

lockedsupply.fyi is a platform where individuals can come to lock their tokens for a specified time.
There have been instances where communities get together and encourage others to lock their tokens for stability and price growth. 
Tokens on the platform usually struggle to get more than 40% of the supply locked, but even with just 20-30% of the supply locked, the benefits of this simple mechanism prove to be effective for most tokens.


So what could 80% of the supply being locked look like? or even 90?


Solana Blockchain Integration

How does your project integrate Solana’s blockchain? Describe any tools, SDKs, or features used.
*
A custom-made open-source smart contract is used to facilitate the buying, selling, investing, locking, and unlocking of tokens. All data will be saved on the blockchain to emphasise transparency and trust.

The Raydium SDK is used to programatically create pools for tokens that reach the goal.
It's also used to allow users to trade tokens after bonding to Raydium as well as view cruicial data.
AI Models/Technologies Used

What AI models or technologies are you utilizing, and how are they implemented?
*
Data will be collected every week(?) for each token created on the platform.
(How long it took to bond, frequency of re-locks, price growth over a certain time frame, marketcap, etc..).

All these metrics will be sent to an AI API, to analyse which metrics seem to differentiate successful tokens from unsuccessful ones.

From there, the AI will give different weights to different metrics, and continue to improve it's ability to predict successful tokens.

Currently, tokens on most platforms are ranked by volume, marketcap, creation time, etc...

These metrics are often surface-level, and don't indicate a token's long-term success. It's often manipulated as well, with the use of volume bots, thin liquidity pools, etc.

Our AI solves this problem, and gives users a constantly improving system to filter for tokens with potential.
Link to Project Demo or Prototype

Provide a link to your demo video, prototype, or working product (GitHub repo, live demo, etc.).
*
Demo Video (fully working webapp):
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1r3M3fZlbIZUZHg3xsEXCqUif47is-vPv/view?usp=sharing

Smart Contract on github:
https://github.com/angrygoose0/goose-smart-contract
