
solana-test-validator --bpf-program metaqbxxUerdq28cj1RbAWkYQm3ybzjb6a8bt518x1s metadata.so --reset
npm run dev
cd /mnt/c/Users/quaacky/Desktop/keep.fun/meme/anchor

github login token
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

npx drizzle-kit push



ssh root@74.50.99.251 -p 22


docker stop $(docker ps -q)
docker rm $(docker ps -aq)
docker pull ghcr.io/angrygoose0/geese:latest
docker run -p 3000:3000 ghcr.io/angrygoose0/geese:latest

solana program deploy target/deploy/meme.so --with-compute-unit-price 500000 --use-rpc --max-sign-attempts 1000


export $(grep -v '^#' .env | xargs) // when i have .envs


DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker build . --platform linux/amd64 -t ghcr.io/angrygoose0/geese:latest

docker push ghcr.io/angrygoose0/geese:latest

solana program show --buffers


BOT METADATA URL:
https://gateway.pinata.cloud/ipfs/QmPhrtt1hZrTxjSWDFXF41P3cg6NbNSmjEh56NJmd8shxb

IMAGE URL:
https://gateway.pinata.cloud/ipfs/QmdirhMtjh7xSFJfc45rNTvE1q9hrZZiL9Z9yKdJfXh7RK



Dear Dragonfly,

With pump.fun's major success, its flaws are slowly revealing itself.

It's a platform where the majority of tokens are rugs, or fall to 0 in the first couple hours.

Our platform seeks to reinvent how meme tokens are created and traded:

It will be similar to pump.fun where users create tokens, and then once enough SOL is collected, it is deposited to raydium and burnt safely.

step 1: 80% of tokens are all sold at a constant price. (pump.fun uses a bonding curve, which exponentially benefits earlier investors, creating an incentive for them to dump on other investors.)

step 2: once all 80% is sold, the funds collected will be deposited to raydium as liquidity along with the 20% of tokens remaining (this creates a 4x for all early investors).

step 3: the 80% of tokens bought in step 1 won't be distributed instantly, and will be locked. Instead, unlocking periods will occur, where 10 % of all locked tokens will unlock every 24 hours.

This solves the issue of all early investors dumping their tokens to get a quick 4x.

This also incentivises taking small profits, and will prove to be healthy for the chart, as new investors join.

Users are also able to and can encourage others to relock their tokens, or even get new investors to lock their tokens, boosting price stability.

Why we know this will work: Case Study(lockedsupply.fyi)

lockedsupply.fyi is a platform where individuals can come to lock their tokens for a specified time.
There have been instances where communities get together and encourage others to lock their tokens for stability and price growth. 
The platform struggles to get more than 40% of the supply locked, but even with just 20-30% of the supply locked, the benefits of this simple mechanism proves to be effective for most tokens.

So what could 80% of the supply being locked look like? or even 90?



Describe the project that you are currently working on or would like to pursue?
    A pump.fun-like platform where users can create and trade memecoins while avoiding scams and rugs.

    Goose.fun will produce high-quality tokens and communities and give them the tools to grow and scale.

    The goal is to get rid of the stigma behind meme coins and make a safe environment where individuals can make safe, long-term investments into meme culture.




What is the problem your project is trying to solve and for who?,
    Most users trading and creating meme coins are on pump.fun, but with it's major success, it's flaws are slowly revealing themselves. 
    Pump.fun claims this on their website: "Pump prevents rugs by making sure that all created tokens are safe. Each coin on pump is a fair launch with no presale and no team allocation."
    However, the community knows it's a platform where the majority of tokens are rugs or fall to 0 in the first couple hours or even minutes.
    This also has an existing effect on crypto as a whole, feeding into the idea that crypto is filled with scammers and gambling. 
    Our goal is to change this image for outsiders and prove to them crypto is a reliable investment for the future of finance.


    Here is a brief explanation of how pump.fun works:
    Pump.fun is a platform that allows anyone to launch a coin that is instantly tradeable without having to seed liquidity. 
    Pump lets users create SPL tokens for free.
    Traders are able to buy and sell any tokens listed on the website.
    Once 80% of the token is sold, reaching the marketcap milestone ($100k), $17k will be deposited to raydium as liquidity and burnt along with 20% of the token supply.


How does your project uniquely address this problem?

    Pump.fun is infested with rugs or tokens that fall to 0 quickly.

    There are reasons why only the top 1% of tokens on pump.fun bond to Raydium and the rest fall to 0:

    Creating a token is free. Although this enables anyone to create a token, it dilutes the volume of the website and reduces the overall quality of tokens and devs.

    Before bonding to Raydium, pump.fun uses a bonding curve equation to calculate the token's price that exponentially benefits earlier investors, creating an incentive for them to dump on other investors for a quick profit.

    Whereas goose.fun will require a small deposit that will go towards the token for anyone creating a token. This deposit will be returned to the dev when the token reaches a certain market cap. This will increase the overall quality of devs and tokens and keep volume directed towards these high-quality tokens.

    Instead of a bonding curve, all tokens will be sold at a constant price. Meaning it's risk-free until it bonds to Raydium, as investors can buy and sell at any time.
    Once 80% of a token is sold, the funds collected will be deposited to Raydium as liquidity and burnt along with 20% of the token supply.
    This means all investors involved will have made a 4x. 
    This creates an incentive for traders to work together instead of dumping on each other, meaning more tokens are likely to actually bond to Raydium.

    From the select few that make it to Raydium on pump.fun, they usually go to 0 within the first few hours or minutes anyway.

    This is because even after bonding, most investors are inclined to take profits and just move on to the next thing, creating an environment where everyone dumps on each other with a select few individuals coming out on top. This is usually due to the lack of community and trust, which is natural.

    It's easy to notice that the same problem would happen with goose.fun after bonding to Raydium. As traders rush to lock in there 4x profit, only a select few individuals will come out on top while the rest lose.

    This is why the 80% of tokens bought before bonding won't be distributed instantly and will be locked. Instead, unlocking periods will occur, where 10% of all locked tokens will unlock every 24 hours.

    This solves the issue of early investors dumping their tokens to get a quick profit.

    This also incentivises taking small profits, and will prove to be healthy for the chart as new investors join and promote exponential price growth.

    Users are also able to and can encourage others to re-lock their tokens, or even get new investors to lock their tokens. Further boosting price stability and growth.

    Why we know this will work:
    Case Study(lockedsupply.fyi)

    lockedsupply.fyi is a platform where individuals can come to lock their tokens for a specified time.
    There have been instances where communities get together and encourage others to lock their tokens for stability and price growth. 
    The platform struggles to get more than 40% of the supply locked, but even with just 20-30% of the supply locked, the benefits of this simple mechanism proves to be effective for most tokens.

    So what could 80% of the supply being locked look like? or even 90?


What are your unique insights that you understand about this space that no one else sees?
    I've been involved in crypto and especially memecoins for around one year. Having made profits of six figures in the space, I know what to look for in a promising token as well as how certain tokens become successful.

    I know there is a stigma around meme coins, which I believe can be overcome with a face to represent safe long-term investments into meme culture.

    Many are speculating that AI agents will soon take over the crypto/memecoin space, but I think that it is just a gimmick, as AI agents are basically useless.
    I think the biggest tokens to be generated out of this bull run are the ones with strong communities and goose.fun will be a tool that these communities can utilise.





Provide a high-level overview of your project's technical architecture and key components.
    Frontend:
    Built using React with TypeScript for strong type safety and modular component-based development.
    Next.js is used for server-side rendering, routing, and optimised performance.


    Smart Contracts and Backend:
    The backend logic and decentralised functionalities (buying, selling) are implemented using Anchor, a framework for Solana smart contracts, as goose.fun will be focusing on Solana SPL tokens. 
    Anchor ensures seamless integration between the on-chain programs and client applications.

    Helius will be used as the paid RPC provider to provide quick response times for smart contracts.

    Deployment & CI/CD:
    The application will be containerised using Docker, enabling consistent environment configuration and simplified deployment.

    Hivelocity's AMD Ubuntu VPS will be used to host and deploy the website with a customisable interface.

    Cloudflare manages the domain, provides a CDN for faster load times, SSL for security, and protection against DDoS attacks, ensuring performance and reliability.


How do you plan to acquire and retain users/customers?
    I have been cold DMing and posting on x (twitter) about goose.fun. I will pay for promotions on X and maybe even TikTok.

    The plan is to launch a stripped-down version of goose.fun(geese.fun) that has only one token that is highlighted on the website, directing all volume towards that token.

    Once enough people buy in to the token (80% is sold), it will bond to Raydium and attract more traders. From there, the extra traffic will be directed towards our website, and learn about how it works.

    Because it's a unique concept and the fact that 80% of the tokens are locked, I assume prices will skyrocket, with many joining the community. The website will basically promote itself over time, through word of mouth, and promote organic growth.

    As we gain more popularity, we will slowly give more and more people the chance to create a token on goose.fun. It's important we don't do this too fast, as we want to keep the quality up.

    Once the quality of tokens on goose.fun is known amongst traders, it will eventually become the standard, leading to more and more returning users.

Projected growth trajectory?
    Our growth trajectory will primarily be measured by the total volume of trades happening on goose.fun, and the number of tokens bonding to Raydium.

    After phase 1 (the highlighted first token on geese.fun) bonds to Raydium, we expect a massive boost in traffic to our website. This could mean numbers of up to $100k in total volume per month.

    pump.fun hit around $3B total volume in the last 14 days. The goal is to slowly reach 1% of this.

long term vision?
    To be the face of long-term, high-quality investments into meme culture and introduce more people into crypto than ever before.



What are your unique insights that you understand about this space that no one else sees?
Why are you the right team to build this solution?
Who are your competitors? 

why do you want to join pgat
What are the areas you need help with? 
What do you hope to achieve by the end of the 3-month accelerator program?

Hi, im wonyoung, I'm an 18yo self-taught developer.

As we all know, meme coins are taking over the crypto-space, bringing in more people into crypto than ever before.


Around june last year, me and my friends started trading memecoins as a way to make a quick buck.
BUT most tokens are low-quality, and usually a scam.
This has a negative effect to crypto as a whole.

3 months ago, I started hacking a meme-coin platform where the standard is high-quality tokens.
I wanted to create a tool where committed communities can come together to provide liquidity and lock their tokens to show their commitment.

The goal is to be the face of long-term, high-quality investments into meme-culture, and introduce more people into crypto than ever before.






what is goose?

A meme coin marketplace where users can create and trade tokens freely. As well as gather community to seed liquidity.
The standard will be safe, high-quality tokens, and our goal is to get rid of the stigma behind meme coins and make a safe environment where individuals can make safe, long-term investments into meme culture.


solana program deploy target/deploy/meme.so --with-compute-unit-price 80000 --use-rpc --max-sign-attempts 1000


IDEAS:

goose.fun

a way to record eveyrthing around you and save it on the blockchain for proving urself

AI API that runs through the blockchain so corpos cant control it

AI smart contract auditor

AI education platform with solana

a scaleless source of trust in a trust-less environment

metrics such as:
    - how long it to bond after creation
    - growth rate
    - amount claimed / relocked after unlock period.
    - growth over time
    effect
will all be passed on to an AI model.
This AI model will rank tokens based on if it thinks its promising based on these metrics.

Each metric has a weight that the AI uses to judge.

As times goes on, successful tokens' metric data will be used to see which metrics seem to result in succesful tokens,
updating the weight of the AI, with it getting better over time.

the lock/unlock feature gives an opportuinity to pass on to the AI data about what people are thinking about the token and how much they trust it.
Which before, we couldn't get those metrics.

I believe trading is all about human psychology and pattern recognition and how people feel about a token.



bonded_time (set when it bonds to raydium)
creation_time (set when token is created on goose)

pool_id (set when it bonds to raydium from pump or goose)


-creation_time & -bonded_time (created on pump and hasnt bonded)  yes

-creation_time & +bonded_time (created on pump and has bonded.)  yes

+creation_time & -bonded_time (created on goose and hasnt bonded) no

+creation_time & + bonded_time (created on goose and has bonded) yes




solana-keygen new --outfile ./target/deploy/meme-keypair.json --force


How it Works:

step 1: everyone buys in at the same price.

step 2: once enough has been bought (80%), all fundraised SOL is deposited to raydium along with the remaining token supply (20%) and burnt.

step 3: token launches at a marketcap of $100k, with all early investors seeing a 3-4x.

step 4: tokens you buy are locked, and are unlocked every 24 hours. Leading to exponential price growth.

step 5: investors are encouraged to re-lock tokens to boost price-stability and community.